Refine grammar and style in the documentation's language section. (#39)
tact-lang/tact-docs: pages/language/guides/lifecycle.mdx

# Message Lifecycle

There are several stages of message processing by a contract, there are more of them, but we would focus on the most important ones:

## Receive Phase

This phase combines multiple low-level phases. 

It starts by adding a **message value to the contract balance**. The value of an incoming message is the maximum price that a contract can pay for gas to process this message. The contract can overwrite this limit, but it is not recommended and is suitable only for advanced developers since it could lead to a contract being drained. 1 million of gas is the maximum amount that a contract can spend in a single contract which equals 1 TON (currently). If the message value is zero then execution is aborted.

> Then some (usually a small amount) of nano tons is subtracted from the contract balance for storage. This means that you can't perfectly predict balance changes and have to adjust your code to this instability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then some (usually a small amount) of nanotons is subtracted from the contract balance for storage. This means that you can't perfectly predict balance changes and have to adjust your code to this instability.
```
